<p style="text-align:center;font-weight:bold;">JstMStudio Public Code License 2</p>
<p style="text-align:center;font-weight:bold;">Version 1, 1 January 2023</p>
<p style="text-align:center;font-weight:bold;">Copyright (C) 2023 JstMStudio, (https://jstmstudio.tk). Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">Terms</p>
<p style="font-weight:bold;">1. Source Code.</p>
<p>The "source code" of this work is being made available to you. This source code made available to you is the preferred source code for you to view.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">2. Basic Permission</p>
<p>The rights to the source code of this work granted under this license for the term of copyright to the source code are provided when all conditions are met. This License explicitly affirms your unlimited permission to run the unmodified Program under a non-commercial usage.
<p>You may be allowed to make, modify, edit, run and propagate covered works that you do not convey, without any conditions so long as your license otherwise remains in force. You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose of having them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you with facilities for running those works, provided that you comply with the terms of this License in conveying all material for which you do not control copyright. Those thus making or running the covered works for you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction and control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you. You are not allowed to use it for commercial usage without prior written consent or agreement.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">3. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.</p>
<p>You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or run a copy of the Program on your browser or your device. Ancillary propagation of a covered work occurring solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission to receive a copy likewise does not require any form of acceptance. However, nothing other than this License grants you permission to propagate or modify any of the covered work. These actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this License and its respective terms. Therefore, by modifying or propagating a covered work, you indicate your acceptance of this license to do so.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">4. Disclaimer of Warranty.</p>
<p>There is no warranty for the program and its source code, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders and/or other parties provide the program “AS IS” without any warranty of any kind provided, either expressed through or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the program is with you and you only. Should the program prove defective for your usage, you assume all the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction on your own. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!
<p style="font-weight:bold;">5. Limitation of Liability.</p>
<p>In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing will any copyright holder, or any other party who modifies and/or conveys the program as permitted above, be liable to you for any and all damages, including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the usage or inability to use the program and it respective source code (including but not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the program to operate with any other programs), even if such holder or the other party had been advised of the possibility of such damages occurring before.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">6. Conveying Verbatim Copies.
<p>You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice, stating the copyrighted work of the program developers. Please keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all recipients a copy of this license and copyright notice along with the Program and its respective source code for it to work properly. All distributed copies of this program and its respective source code must be licensed using this same license too. You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee after a written agreement with the program developers.
<p style="font-weight:bold;">7. Termination</p>
<p>Your rights to the program and its respective source code may be ceased by project developers under any circumstances. You will still own your contributions into it after your rights have been terminated but for other parts of the project you will lose access. Termination of your rights could only be done by the copyright owner. Failed to comply with this license will also result in the termination of your rights to the program and its respective source code. If your rights had been terminated by the copyright owner for any reasons or violation of this license, you will have 30 days to cure the violations or remove the source code. If your rights have been terminated and not permanently reinstated afterwards, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same material in the future.</p>
